---
layout: "post"
title: "Zorin os 9"
categories: "software"
tags: Linux ZorinOs9
---
#About
The Zorin OS operating system gives you the ultimate desktop experience. Some of the advantages of Zorin OS:

- No risk of getting viruses
- It's super-fast and light on resources
- An easy to use and familiar desktop
- Customizable user interface thanks to our Look Changer
- Stable as it is based on the robust Linux operating system
- All the software you'll ever need out of the box
- Extremely versatile and customizable Open Source software
- Open Source software licensed by the GNU GPL

#Security
People are in constant fear of viruses and malware in this digital world. Thanks to Zorin OS's immunity to Windows viruses you will never have to worry about them. Zorin OS also comes with integrated firewall software to keep your system extra safe. When a potential security threat arises, software updates usually come within a matter of hours through the Update Manager. With Zorin OS you are sure to have peace of mind.

#Uses
The main goal of Zorin OS is to give new users easy access to Linux. That is why Zorin OS incorporates the familiar Windows 7-like interface by default to dramatically reduce the learning curve of this system while still experiencing the main advantages of Linux. You can also utilise the desktop with other interfaces. This is thanks to the exclusive Zorin Look Changer which lets you change your desktop to look and act like either Windows 7, Windows XP or GNOME 2 in the free versions of Zorin OS. The Premium editions also include the Windows 2000, Unity and Mac OS X looks.
Zorin OS is packed with software, ready for you to take advantage of. From the versatile LibreOffice suite to the feature-packed OpenShot video editor, it's got it all. Zorin OS is sure to facilitate all of your everyday tasks such as web browsing, document creation, social networking, making videos, chatting with your friends and beyond, all without having to install anything. We have even split up Zorin OS into different versions to facilitate the requirements of every kind of user with additional software. Those editions include the free Core edition for general use, Lite for use on old and low-spec computers, Educational for use in schools and universities, Business for corporate use and Ultimate which packs the best software Linux has to offer.

#Download

###[Zorin os 9](http://optimate.dl.sourceforge.net/project/zorin-os/9/zorin-os-9-core-32.iso)
